CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

[comment]: # ( Copyright Contributors to the Open Cluster Management project )**Table of Contents**

- [Contributing guidelines](#contributing-guidelines)
    - [Terms](#terms)
    - [Certificate of Origin](#certificate-of-origin)
    - [Contributing a patch](#contributing-a-patch)
    - [Issue and pull request management](#issue-and-pull-request-management)
    - [Requirements](#requirements)
    - [Develop new commands](#Develop-new-commands)

# Contributing guidelines

## Terms

All contributions to the repository must be submitted under the terms of the [Apache Public License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

## Certificate of Origin

By contributing to this project, you agree to the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the contribution. See the [DCO](DCO) file for details.

## Contributing a patch

1. Submit an issue describing your proposed change to the repository in question. The repository owners will respond to your issue promptly.
2. Fork the desired repository, then develop and test your code changes.
3. Submit a pull request.

## Issue and pull request management

Anyone can comment on issues and submit reviews for pull requests. In order to be assigned an issue or pull request, you can leave a `/assign <your Github ID>` comment on the issue or pull request.
# Requirements

- Go 1.16

# Develop new commands

- The project tries to follow the following grammar for the commands:

```bash
cm <verb> [subcmd...] [flags]
```

- cmd/subcmd has its own package. For example [delete/cluster](pkg/cmd/delete/cluster/cmd.go) package contains the code to create a cluster.

- Inside the package, the code is split in 3 files: The [cmd.go](pkg/cmd/create/cluster/cmd.go) which creates the cobra command, the [options.go](pkg/cmd/create/cluster/options.go) which defines the different option parameters for the command and the the [exec.go](pkg/cmd/create/cluster/exec.go) which contains the code to execute the command.


## Resources

- Some commands needs resources files, in the project uses the `Go 1.16` `go:embed` functionality to store the resources files.
- Each command package contains its own resources in the scenario package. The scenario package contains one go file which provides the `go:embed` `embed.FS` files. For example [resources.go](pkg/cmd/create/cluster/scenario/resources.go).
- All resources must be accessed using unstrusctured, the project must not have api dependencies.

## build

```bash
make build
```
## API

This project contains some API and these are used in order to leverage the ["github.com/kubernetes/cli-runtime/blob/master/pkg/printers/interface.go](https://github.com/kubernetes/cli-runtime/blob/master/pkg/printers/interface.go). To generate the zz_files for it run `make generate`

## Unit tests

- If the unit test needs files to be executed, these files are stored under the pair `<verb>/<noun>/test/unit` like [values-fake/yaml](pkg/cmd/detach/cluster/test/unit/values-fake.yaml).
A total coverage is shown when running `make test`. For the time being, the `cmd.go` and `client.go` are excluded from the total coverage.
- The `make test` is part of the PR acceptance and it is launched by PROW.

## Functional tests

- The project runs functional-tests `make functional-test-full`, this test deploys a [KiND](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) cluster, install some resource using the applier and then runs a set of tests against that cluster [run-functional-tests.sh](build/run-functional-tests.sh).  A prerequisite is that Docker is already running. If it fails then clean with `make clean`.
- The `make functional-tests-full` is part of the PR acceptance and it is launched using git-actions.

## Make a release (Owners only)

1. Run `make release`
2. Monitor the github action.
3. Go to releases on github
4. Review the summary.
5. Untick `This is a pre-release`.
6. Publish

## Update krew-index

1. Run `make build-krew`
2. Create a PR on with the newly created `cm.yaml` file in https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/krew-index

Commit message:

Automatically generate release and krew
Signed-off-by: Dominique Vernier <dvernier@redhat.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

[comment]: # ( Copyright Contributors to the Open Cluster Management project )**Table of Contents**

- [Contributing guidelines](#contributing-guidelines)
    - [Terms](#terms)
    - [Certificate of Origin](#certificate-of-origin)
    - [Contributing a patch](#contributing-a-patch)
    - [Issue and pull request management](#issue-and-pull-request-management)
    - [Requirements](#requirements)
    - [Develop new commands](#Develop-new-commands)

# Contributing guidelines

## Terms

All contributions to the repository must be submitted under the terms of the [Apache Public License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

## Certificate of Origin

By contributing to this project, you agree to the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the contribution. See the [DCO](DCO) file for details.

## Contributing a patch

1. Submit an issue describing your proposed change to the repository in question. The repository owners will respond to your issue promptly.
2. Fork the desired repository, then develop and test your code changes.
3. Submit a pull request.

## Issue and pull request management

Anyone can comment on issues and submit reviews for pull requests. In order to be assigned an issue or pull request, you can leave a `/assign <your Github ID>` comment on the issue or pull request.
# Requirements

- Go 1.16

# Develop new commands

- The project tries to follow the following grammar for the commands:

```bash
cm <verb> [subcmd...] [flags]
```

- cmd/subcmd has its own package. For example [delete/cluster](pkg/cmd/delete/cluster/cmd.go) package contains the code to create a cluster.

- Inside the package, the code is split in 3 files: The [cmd.go](pkg/cmd/create/cluster/cmd.go) which creates the cobra command, the [options.go](pkg/cmd/create/cluster/options.go) which defines the different option parameters for the command and the the [exec.go](pkg/cmd/create/cluster/exec.go) which contains the code to execute the command.


## Resources

- Some commands needs resources files, in the project uses the `Go 1.16` `go:embed` functionality to store the resources files.
- Each command package contains its own resources in the scenario package. The scenario package contains one go file which provides the `go:embed` `embed.FS` files. For example [resources.go](pkg/cmd/create/cluster/scenario/resources.go).
- All resources must be accessed using unstrusctured, the project must not have api dependencies.

## build

```bash
make build
```
## API

This project contains some API and these are used in order to leverage the ["github.com/kubernetes/cli-runtime/blob/master/pkg/printers/interface.go](https://github.com/kubernetes/cli-runtime/blob/master/pkg/printers/interface.go). To generate the zz_files for it run `make generate`

## Unit tests

- If the unit test needs files to be executed, these files are stored under the pair `<verb>/<noun>/test/unit` like [values-fake/yaml](pkg/cmd/detach/cluster/test/unit/values-fake.yaml).
A total coverage is shown when running `make test`. For the time being, the `cmd.go` and `client.go` are excluded from the total coverage.
- The `make test` is part of the PR acceptance and it is launched by PROW.

## Functional tests

- The project runs functional-tests `make functional-test-full`, this test deploys a [KiND](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) cluster, install some resource using the applier and then runs a set of tests against that cluster [run-functional-tests.sh](build/run-functional-tests.sh).  A prerequisite is that Docker is already running. If it fails then clean with `make clean`.
- The `make functional-tests-full` is part of the PR acceptance and it is launched using git-actions.

## Make a release (Owners only)

1. Update the VERSION.txt with the semver of the new release
2. Add labels to PR to generate the release note
- `ignore-for-release` to exclude the PR from the release note.
- `bracking-changes` to set the PR for the `Breaking Changes` section.
- `enhancement` to set the PR for the `Exciting New Features` section.
- `bug-fix` to set the PR for the `Bug fixes` section. 
3. Run `make release`
4. Monitor the github action.
5. Go to releases on github
6. Review the summary.
7. Run `make build-krew` to verify if the krew configuration is ok
8. Publish
9. (To Be verified) A PR will be automatically created in https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/krew-index to generate the plugin version
